README.md, before:

TypeScript Containers
=====================

> A collection of typed containers for JavaScript.

```
npm install --save sync-containers
```

:warning: **Seeking maintainers**: we are seeking people who can help expand and maintain this library.

This is my personal collection of common JavaScript containers, plain and simple.
I was fed up with writing the same boilerplate code over and over again, and I
needed a library over which I had some control. I ended up writing my own.

| Container        | Type                  | Unique | Order     |
|------------------|-----------------------|--------|-----------|
| Bag              | T                     | No     | No        |
| Set              | T                     | Yes    | No        |
| List             | T                     | No     | Yes       |
| Vector           | T                     | No     | Yes       |
| Dict             | Pair&lt;K, V&gt;      | Yes    | No        |
| MultiDict        | Pair&lt;K, V&gt;      | No     | No        |
| NamedSet         | Pair&lt;string, V&gt; | Yes    | No        |

### Unordered Containers

| Name           | Memory | Add    | Remove | Member  |
|----------------|--------|--------|--------|---------|
| HashSet        | O(n)   | O(1)   | O(1)   | O(1)    |

### Ordered Containers

| Name              | Memory  | Insert  | Append  | Prepend | Member | Ref  | Next | Prev | 
|-------------------|---------|---------|---------|---------|--------|------|------|------|
| ArrayVector       | O(n)    | O(n)    | O(n)    | O(n)    | O(n)   | O(1) | O(1) | O(1) | 
| ArrayList         | O(n)    | O(n)    | O(n)    | O(n)    | O(n)   | O(1) | O(1) | O(1) |
| SingleLinkedList  | O(n)    | O(n)    | O(1)    | O(1)    | O(n)   | O(n) | O(1) | O(n) |
| DoubleLinkedList  | O(2n)   | O(n)    | O(1)    | O(1)    | O(n)   | O(n) | O(1) | O(1) |

Found an issue? Need a certain kind of container? [File an
issue](https://github.com/samvv/typescript-containers/issues) or [send me a
pull request](https://github.com/samvv/typescript-containers/pulls).

Commit message:

Add example and links to various docs

README.md, after:

TypeScript Containers
=====================

> A collection of typed containers for JavaScript.

```
npm install --save sync-containers
```

:warning: **Seeking maintainers**: we are seeking people who can help expand and maintain this library.

This is my personal collection of common JavaScript containers, plain and simple.
I was fed up with writing the same boilerplate code over and over again, and I
needed a library over which I had some control. I ended up writing my own.

| Container        | Type                  | Unique | Order     |
|------------------|-----------------------|--------|-----------|
| Bag              | T                     | No     | No        |
| Set              | T                     | Yes    | No        |
| List             | T                     | No     | Yes       |
| Vector           | T                     | No     | Yes       |
| Dict             | Pair&lt;K, V&gt;      | Yes    | No        |
| MultiDict        | Pair&lt;K, V&gt;      | No     | No        |
| NamedSet         | Pair&lt;string, V&gt; | Yes    | No        |

### Unordered Containers

| Name           | Memory | Add    | Remove | Member  |
|----------------|--------|--------|--------|---------|
| HashSet        | O(n)   | O(1)   | O(1)   | O(1)    |

### Ordered Containers

| Name              | Memory  | Insert  | Append  | Prepend | Member | Ref  | Next | Prev | 
|-------------------|---------|---------|---------|---------|--------|------|------|------|
| ArrayVector       | O(n)    | O(n)    | O(n)    | O(n)    | O(n)   | O(1) | O(1) | O(1) | 
| ArrayList         | O(n)    | O(n)    | O(n)    | O(n)    | O(n)   | O(1) | O(1) | O(1) |
| SingleLinkedList  | O(n)    | O(n)    | O(1)    | O(1)    | O(n)   | O(n) | O(1) | O(n) |
| DoubleLinkedList  | O(2n)   | O(n)    | O(1)    | O(1)    | O(n)   | O(n) | O(1) | O(1) |

Consult the [API docs](http://samvv.github.io/project/typescript-containers/api) for more information on how to use them.

You might also be interested in knowing [how this library's iterators work](http://github.com/samvv/typescript-containers/wiki/Iterators).

## Examples

```ts
const set = new HashSet<number>()
set.add(1)
set.add(1) // throws error
if (set.has(1))
  set.add(3)
set.remove(1)
set.remove(5) // throws error
for (const num of set)
  console.log(`Set has ${num}`)
```

Found an issue? Need a certain kind of container? [File an
issue](https://github.com/samvv/typescript-containers/issues) or [send me a
pull request](https://github.com/samvv/typescript-containers/pulls).
